Update README with latest CLI commands and language support (#8933)
semgrep/semgrep: README.md

</p>
</br>

> Semgrep is a fast static analysis engine designed to detect vulnerabilities, find bugs, and enforce code standards. Semgrep analyzes code locally on your computer or in your build environment: **by default, code is never uploaded**. [Get started →.](#getting-started-)

Reviewer: Should we add another sentence here to communicate Semgrep does SAST, Supply Chain and Secrets scanning?

Reviewer 2: Yes my suggestion would be:
```suggestion
Semgrep is an engine for scanning:
* **Code** for bugs & vulnerabilities using custom or pre-built rules
* **Supply Chain** dependencies for known vulnerabilities
* **Secrets** and hard-coded credentials that shouldn't be checked into source code
Semgrep analyzes code locally on your computer or in your build environment: **by default, code is never uploaded**. [Get started →.](#getting-started-)
```

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/returntocorp/semgrep/develop/images/semgrep-scan-cli.jpg" alt="Semgrep CLI image"/></a>

### Language support

Semgrep Code supports over 30+ languages.

| Category     | Languages                                                                                                                                                                     |
| ------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| GA           | C# · Go · Java · JavaScript · JSX · JSON · PHP · Python · Ruby · Scala · Terraform · TypeScript · TSX                                                                         |
| Beta         | Kotlin · Rust                                                                                                                                                                 |
| Experimental | Bash · C · C++ · Clojure · Dart · Dockerfile · Elixir · HTML · Julia · Jsonnet · Lisp · Lua · OCaml · R · Scheme · Solidity · Swift · YAML · XML · Generic (ERB, Jinja, etc.) |

> Semgrep Supply Chain supports 8 languages across over 15 package managers. 

Reviewer 3: `over 30+ languages` and `over 15 package managers` doesn't seem very consistent.

I think we should drop the `+` for both or use the `+` and drop the `over`

| Category     | Languages                                                                                                                                                                     |
| -------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| GA             | Go (Go modules, `go mod`) · Javascript/Typescript (npm, Yarn, Yarn 2, Yarn 3, pnpm) · Python (pip, pip-tool, Pipenv, Poetry) · Ruby (RubyGems) · Java (Gradle, Maven)       |
| Beta           | C# (NuGet)                                                                                                                                                                  |
| Lock file-only | Rust (Cargo) · PHP (Composer) |

For more information, visit our [supported languages](https://semgrep.dev/docs/supported-languages/) page. 

### Getting started 🚀

1. [From the Semgrep Cloud Platform](#option-1-getting-started-from-the-semgrep-cloud-platform-recommended)
2. [From the CLI](#option-2-getting-started-from-the-cli)

> For beginners, we recommend starting with the [Semgrep Cloud Platform](#option-2-getting-started-from-the-semgrep-cloud-platform-recommended) because it provides a visual interface, a demo project, result triaging and exploration workflows, and makes setup in CI/CD fast. Scans are still local and code isn't uploaded. Alternatively, you can also start with the CLI and navigate the terminal output to run one-off searches.

Reviewer 3: Think using hyperlink anchors is an interesting idea, but here we have `#option-2-...` instead of the intended `#option-1-...`

> For beginners, we recommend starting with the [Semgrep Cloud Platform](#option-2-getting-started-from-the-semgrep-cloud-platform-recommended) because it provides a visual interface, a demo project, result triaging and exploration workflows, and makes setup in CI/CD fast. Scans are still local and code isn't uploaded. Alternatively, you can also start with the CLI and navigate the terminal output to run one-off searches.

Reviewer 3: Maybe `new users` instead of `beginners`?

### Option 1: Getting started from the Semgrep Cloud Platform (Recommended)

<a href="https://go.semgrep.dev/login-ghrmgo"  target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/returntocorp/semgrep/develop/images/semgrep-main-image.jpg" alt="Semgrep platform image"/> </a>

1.  Register on <a href="https://go.semgrep.dev/login-ghrmgo" target="_blank">semgrep.dev</a>

> 2.  Explore the demo project

Reviewer: "[optional] Explore demo findings to learn how Semgrep works"

3.  Scan your project by navigating to `Projects > Scan New Project > Run scan in CI`

4.  Select your version control system and follow the onboarding steps to add your project. After this setup, Semgrep will scan your project after every pull request.

5.  [Optional] If you want to run Semgrep locally, follow the steps in the CLI section.

### Notes:

> 1. If there are any issues, <a href="https://go.semgrep.dev/slack" target="_blank">please ask for help in the Semgrep Slack</a>

Reviewer 3: If @dlukeomalley was not OOO, I think there would be a comment about a missing period here

Reviewer 3: Also, maybe we can drop the numbered list here as there's only one sentence.

### Option 2: Getting started from the CLI

1.  Install Semgrep CLI

```
# For macOS
$ brew install semgrep

# For Ubuntu/WSL/Linux/macOS
$ python3 -m pip install semgrep

# To try Semgrep without installation run via Docker

> $ docker run --rm -v "${PWD}:/src" returntocorp/semgrep semgrep

Reviewer 2: How do you use Semgrep login in conjunction with the docker method?

Reviewer 3: Via passing the interactive terminal flag and then by passing in the generated app token.

```
$ docker run -it -v "${PWD}:/src" returntocorp/semgrep semgrep login
$ docker run -e SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN=<TOKEN> --rm -v "${PWD}:/src" returntocorp/semgrep semgrep ci
```

```

2.  Run `semgrep login` to create your account and login to Semgrep. 

Logging into Semgrep gets you access to: 

> - Semgrep Supply Chain: A depenency scanner that detects reachable vulnerabilities in third party libraries

Reviewer 2: Should we link to the product page?

- Semgrep Code's Pro rules: 600+ high confidence rules written by Semgrep's security research team

> - Semgrep Code's cross-file analysis engine: An advanced code analysis engine, designed to detect complex vulnerabilities, and reduce false positives

Reviewer 2: Why aren't we using the term Pro Engine?

3.  Go to your app's root directory and run `semgrep ci`. This will scan your project to check for vulnerabilities in your source code and its dependencies.

> 

Reviewer 3: do we want to include an image for the CLI section here to match the section above?

Author: I'm going to update the screenshots in a separate PR, since it's taking me longer than I expected. Will ship the text changes for now!

- [Semgrep Supply Chain (SSC)](https://semgrep.dev/products/semgrep-supply-chain) - A high-signal dependency scanner that detects reachable vulnerabilities in open source third-party libraries and functions across the software development life cycle (SDLC). Semgrep Supply Chain is available on both [free and paid tiers](https://semgrep.dev/pricing).
- [Semgrep Secrets)](https://semgrep.dev/blog/2023/introducing-semgrep-secrets/)[NEW!] - Secrets detection that uses semantic analysis, improved entropy analysis, and validation together to accurately detect sensitive credentials in developer workflows. Sign up for our [private beta](https://get.semgrep.dev/secrets-beta-request.html) to request early access to the product.
- [Semgrep Cloud Platform (SCP)](https://semgrep.dev/login) - Deploy, manage, and monitor Semgrep at scale, with [free and paid tiers](https://semgrep.dev/pricing). Integrates with continuous integration (CI) providers such as GitHub, GitLab, CircleCI, and more.
- Semgrep OSS Engine - The open-source engine at the heart of everything (this project).

> 

Reviewer: I think we should either add more color to Pro Rules and Pro Engine or link to the relevant places. 

One option - 
Semgrep Code - Scan your code with Semgrep's proprietary rules (written by our Security Research team) using our interfile and inter-procedural analysis capabilities. 
Semgrep OSS - The open-source engine and community-contributed rules at the heart of everything (this project).

</p>
</br>

> Semgrep is an engine for scanning:

Reviewer 3: Could we spice this up a little with something like

```
Semgrep accelerates your security journey by swiftly scanning code and package dependencies for known issues, software vulnerabilities, and detected secrets with unparalleled efficiency.
```

- [Semgrep Code's Pro engine](https://semgrep.dev/products/pro-engine/): An advanced code analysis engine, designed to detect complex vulnerabilities, and reduce false positives

3.  Go to your app's root directory and run `semgrep ci`. This will scan your project to check for vulnerabilities in your source code and its dependencies.

### Semgrep Ecosystem

The Semgrep ecosystem includes the following products:

- [Semgrep Code](https://semgrep.dev/products/semgrep-code) - Scan your code with Semgrep's proprietary rules (written by our Security Research team) using our cross-file and cross-function analysis. Designed to find OWASP Top 10 vulnerabilities and protect against critical security risks. Semgrep Code is available on both [free and paid tiers](https://semgrep.dev/pricing).
- [Semgrep Supply Chain (SSC)](https://semgrep.dev/products/semgrep-supply-chain) - A high-signal dependency scanner that detects reachable vulnerabilities in open source third-party libraries and functions across the software development life cycle (SDLC). Semgrep Supply Chain is available on both [free and paid tiers](https://semgrep.dev/pricing).

> - [Semgrep Secrets)](https://semgrep.dev/blog/2023/introducing-semgrep-secrets/)[NEW!] - Secrets detection that uses semantic analysis, improved entropy analysis, and validation together to accurately detect sensitive credentials in developer workflows. Sign up for our [private beta](https://get.semgrep.dev/secrets-beta-request.html) to request early access to the product.

Reviewer 3: extra `)` here

- [Semgrep Cloud Platform (SCP)](https://semgrep.dev/login) - Deploy, manage, and monitor Semgrep at scale, with [free and paid tiers](https://semgrep.dev/pricing). Integrates with continuous integration (CI) providers such as GitHub, GitLab, CircleCI, and more.

> - Semgrep OSS Engine - The open-source engine and community-contributed rules at the heart of everything (this project).

Reviewer 3: Could we link to https://semgrep.dev/docs/cli-reference/ for `Semgrep OSS Engine` for consistency?
